A proposal for what you want to create for your final project. This project aims to create an interactive website that explores the themes of ADHD and bipolar disorder through a fun and engaging 3D scavenger hunt experience. Users will navigate through a virtual space filled with interconnected 3D circles representing different aspects of these conditions. By clicking on various parts of the circles, users will uncover information, resources, and personal stories related to ADHD and bipolar disorder. The website will leverage interactive 3D circles to create an immersive and educational experience.
Key Features:
1.	Implement interactive 3D circles as the primary navigation elements of the website. Users can click on different parts of the circles to reveal information and navigate through the content. 
2.	Enable users to interact with the circles by clicking, dragging, and spinning them around. The circles will be connected by lines with a light gravity effect, allowing users to swing them around. 
3. I will populate the back of the circles with informative content related to ADHD and bipolar disorder. This could include symptoms, coping strategies, personal stories, and myths vs. facts.
4.	Engaging Visuals and Design: Create visually stunning graphics that capture the essence of ADHD and bipolar disorder while maintaining a playful and interactive aesthetic. Use colors and visual metaphors to represent different aspects of these conditions.

•	Related and similar work that is serving as an inspiration. 
o	Briefly discuss other artists or projects that are similar or influential to your proposed final project. There are no other similar projects that I can find that specifically use the 3d circles to display interactive information. But I found some websites I’m going to use for the information that will be displayed. One website is https://neurodivergentinsights.com/adhd-infographics?author=60c619230e178930f5cd4b75 it goes into simple to understand but really good information about ADHD. I will use this website for some of the bipolar information https://mhanational.org/infographic-life-bipolar. This website for the mixture of both ADHD and Bipolar Disorder https://neurodivergentinsights.com/adhd-infographics/adhdandbipolar. 
•	A brief discussion of any problems you know you will have to solve or new technologies/techniques you will need to learn. I feel like making the 3d circles will be easier to do but making sure they are connected by some sort of movable string with a light gravity will be the hard part to do. I have it pictured in my head that there will be 5 strings with 4 3d circles on each string. I want the bottom circle to be clicked on at the bottom of the circle and be able to be moved and swung around. I think this will be the hardest part. 
•	A work plan, with internal deadlines for yourself and a description about how you intent to complete the final project on time. (Note: there will be no extensions offered for the final project). We have about three weeks I think the first week will be gathering information and making the circles pictures in photoshop. Then the next week will be putting together all the information and making the 3d circles and stings on the page. The last week I will use to finish up anything that needs to be done and make the gravity for the webpage. I want to be able to take my time on the gravity so it moves like I have envisioned. 
•	A discussion of any work you have completed this week towards your final project.
This week I have written this proposal and found the websites I will use for the information. Next I will find pictures or make them in photoshop for the front of the 3d circles. Then I will make the back of the circle with personal info, fun facts, or just really good information from the websites that relates to me and my struggles with ADHD  and Bipolar Disorder. This isn’t talked about enough even though 1 in 13 people with Bipolar Disorder have ADHD also. 
